I'm about to cross [music] 500,000
followers on Instagram and I've gone
viral more times than I can count. But
[__] that. More importantly, I'm about
to clear $5 million from my Instagram.
But I didn't [music] do it by building a
personal brand. While everyone's chasing
followers, creating relatable content,
and posting five times a day, yapping to
the camera, [music] and hoping something
works, I did something that most
personal brand builders would say is is
impossible. In this video, I'll show you
why building a personal brand will never
grow your business and what's
>> [music]
>> actually working instead and the three
switches that you need to flip if you
want to use content to grow a multi six,
seven, or even eight figure business.
But to do that, you need to understand
why building a personal brand is just a
lie that you've been sold. Right now,
you've heard that you need to be
relatable, use hooks, post your morning
routine, talk about your dog, and
eventually people will know, like, and
trust you enough to [music] want to buy
from you. But here's the thing. You
don't care about being famous or being
an influencer. You just want to build a
brand that will actually build your
business.
>> [music]
>> And not a single person who's ever done
it at the highest level pulled it off by
trying to be relatable or trying to get
their audience to like them. You see,
there are two stages to building [music]
a brand. First, you get paid for what
you know, and then eventually you get
paid for who you are. Hermosi didn't
become Hermosi by talking about his
calves. He became Hermosi by putting out
years of hardcore business [music]
advice. Iman didn't start with war piano
jackets and lifestyle vlogs. He spent
[music] four years teaching people how
to build an agency. Both built their
expert brand first, [music] then their
personal brand came after. But now,
everyone is telling you to skip stage
one. And the people that follow that
advice only go down one of two roads.
Road one, you try making personal
content, you post a few times, and you
realize pretty quickly that your skill
just isn't in connection-based
storytelling. Truthfully, you're just
not a good at it. So, you don't end up
really getting any traction, and then
you just tell yourself content doesn't
work for my business. Or road two, which
is, in my opinion, worse. You actually
do figure it out. You build a following,
you get views, and people know and like
you.
But, in the way that they like a friend,
not in the way that they pay you as an
expert. So, you end up with 100,000
followers and the same revenue [music]
that you had a year ago. And both of
these roads trace back to the same false
belief that you need people to know,
like, and trust you before they buy.
But, it's just horse [__] because the
only prerequisite to someone buying is
trust of expertise.
Think of it this way. Imagine you had
brain cancer and needed surgery
tomorrow.
You're not going to be picking your
neurosurgeon based off whether he likes
cats or dogs. You're not asking what
kind of music he listens to. You're
saying, "I want the best neurosurgeon on
the planet." And then [music] you're
going to pay a premium to work with him.
And if you happen to like him along the
way, cool. But, it has zero impact on
your buying decision. That's exactly how
buying works whenever someone wants to
solve a problem. People don't need to
like you, they need to trust your
expertise. That's the difference. A
personal brand attracts followers, an
expert brand attracts buyers. A personal
brand depends on your ability to
entertain, an expert brand depends on
your ability to give value. A personal
brand is built on know, like, trust, and
an expert brand is only built off trust
of expertise. So, how do you actually
build one? Like I said, there are three
switches you need to flip. Switch number
one, pick your expert niche. [music]
So, instead of following the advice
about you are the niche, your expert
niche is defined by the problem that
your offer solves. And you want it to be
as broad as the people that you sell to,
and then also narrow enough to exclude
the people that you don't. And when
choosing an expert niche, most you will
get it wrong on both ends. They either
go too broad and say things like
marketing, fitness, and sales, and then
end up trying to speak to everyone,
which means they convert no one. Or they
go too specific, "TikTok ads for
left-handed dentists." And then there's
nobody to actually sell to. So, the
sweet spot is going to be in the middle.
So, for me, it's not marketing, it's
organic acquisition. For Jeff Nippard,
it's not fitness, it's science-based
bodybuilding. Then for For Lyons, it's
not sales, it's remote [music]
high-ticket sales. And then, once you
have your expert niche, that is going to
be the overarching topic throughout your
entire social media account. But, you
don't speak to your niche, you speak to
one singular dream avatar because it's
much easier to make content if you're
trying to speak to one [music] person in
comparison to everyone. So, you define
one specific avatar that you're speaking
to. And I'm talking about your avatar's
demographic, level of understanding,
problems, pains, false beliefs, desires,
fears, identity, their exact language,
and previous solutions that they've
tried. Now, obviously, I don't expect
you to map this out without some sort of
direction. So, to make it easy for you,
I built an entire Expert Brand
worksheet, including the ideal viewer
template along with everything else that
we'll cover inside this video. If you
want it, just look in the description
below, click on the second link, and
then once you have it open, just
duplicate it over to your own Notion.
Switch number two, content quadrants.
>> [music]
>> Once your expert niche and dream avatar
are locked in, you don't just go out to
make random videos about that topic. You
break your expert niche down into four
different subtopics, which I call
quadrants. Now, there's two rules for
each quadrant. None of them can overlap,
and each one needs a clear description
on exactly what you'll be educating your
avatar on. So, for me, again, my expert
niche is organic acquisition, and my
four quadrants are content strategy,
monetization, engagement, and video
production. And then, for every video
that I create, it falls into one of
these four buckets.
>> [music]
>> That's just how you become known as the
expert inside your niche. Alex Hormozi
built his expert brand off of these four
that he stuck to. He had persuasion
tactics, pragmatic productivity,
personal finance and wealth
accumulation, and then business
strategies explained. Same with Jeff
Nippard. He has built his brand off of
these four. Exercise optimization,
nutrition and supplement strategy,
science-based training strategy, and
real-world application and performance.
Every successful expert brand has them,
and then once you do, well, how to use
them is quite simple. What you want to
do is you want to make at least six
videos a week with at least [music] one
video inside of each quadrant. This will
balance out your brand and ensure that
you become an expert over your niche,
and not an expert of one of your
quadrants. What I mean by that is I had
a client I want to say about 2 years ago
and [music] his aspiration was to be a
super high ticket fitness coach. Like
that was his whole thing. He was going
to charge a [__] ton of money to these
executives. Long story short, he made
four quadrants one of them which was
about recipes which is great. But what
wasn't great is that he had a recipe
video go viral. So viral that he decided
to double down on recipes videos [music]
and go against his quadrants. Now today,
if you're looking at his content, he's
not a high ticket fitness coach. He's
the recipe guy.
>> [music]
>> Don't get me wrong. This guy has a [__]
ton of followers. If you have Instagram
or TikTok, you've seen this guy before.
But if you click on the link inside of
his bio, the only thing that you'll find
is a $20 cookbook.
You do not want that to be you. Balance
your brand across your quadrants. Post
six videos a week with at least one
video in each quadrant. And once you do
that, then the only switch that's left
is going [music] to be switch three,
positive reinforcement.
Inside those six videos that you post in
a week, give your absolute best [__]
away for free. Your brand and your
reputation depends on it. Every single
video that you post reinforces your
audience whether you like it or not.
They're either being reinforced
positively or negatively. Now positive
reinforcement is when someone watches
your video and goes, "Holy [__] That
was great. I cannot wait to see the next
one." And the next time that they see
your face, they actually watch because
last time they saw you, it was worth it.
However, negative reinforcement is
whenever someone watches your video and
goes,
>> [music]
>> "I trusted this guy to give me good
information and I just wasted a minute
of my life."
>> [music]
>> And the next time that they see your
face, that's what's in their head. Think
of it like a movie. If you ever watched
a movie and it was dog [__] you're not
going to go see the sequel no matter how
much marketing is poured into it. But
your favorite movie of all time, you're
going to go see the sequel even if
you're convinced [clears throat] it
cannot top the first one. So always give
your best [__] away for free inside of
those six videos because not only do you
want positive reinforcement, [music] but
your free content is also what creates
the perception of your paid content. And
when your free content is better than
everyone else's,
>> [music]
>> your offer sells itself.
That's the [__] plan. Stop chasing
followers, stop posting money routines,
[music] stop trying to be relatable to
people who weren't going to pay you in
the first place.
Pick your expert niche and get clear on
who you're speaking to. Build your four
quadrants to get clear on what you're
speaking about and then post six videos
throughout [music] the week giving more
value than anyone else in your space. Do
this for six months and you will not
have to worry about getting calls on the
calendar again. Never going to have to
justify your price. In fact, you could
probably triple your price and you will
become the prize that people beg to work
with.
>> [music]
>> Not because you like the same music that
they do, but because they trust your
expertise and are willing to pay a
premium to work with you. I can promise
you that because it is what I've done
for myself. It's also what I've done for
others like Troy, Ayush, Brian, Charles
and dozens more. That said, if you don't
want to figure all this out on your own
and risk wasting months or even years of
trial and error, you might just be a
candidate for my highest level service,
Nexus. Your content strategy, our
software, our AI, our viral video
templates, our highest converting
funnels, all customized to your offer.
And then I work with you directly
instead of our private mastermind to run
it so that your business actually gets
qualified leads coming in week after
week. So, if that's of any interest to
you, then feel free to click on the
first link in the description.